Add mentions to MongoDB in the docs (#1)
GromNaN/laravel-docs: database.md

</div>

> Additionally, MongoDB is supported via the mongodb/laravel-mongodb package, which is officially maintained by the PHP team at MongoDB. See the [Laravel MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/drivers/php/laravel-mongodb/) documentation for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, MongoDB database is supported via the mongodb/laravel-mongodb package, which is officially maintained by MongoDB. See the [Laravel MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/drivers/php/laravel-mongodb/) documentation for more information.
```

Reviewer 2: I like "officially maintained by MongoDB".

Should `mongodb/laravel-mongodb` get monospace formatting, as was done in other pages?

"MongoDB database is supported" sounds a bit odd to me (especially when read aloud), since the product name already includes "DB". If we need to use "database", would "MongoDB databases are" read better?

Reviewer: I am fine with only MongoDB.
